refactor: INTEGRATING.md to include NRPE relation (#229)
canonical/cos-proxy-operator: INTEGRATING.md

Author: ```suggestion
The diagrams below illustrate how to integrate `cos-proxy` with `cos-lite` charms to monitor legacy (LMA) charms. `cos-proxy` serves as an intermediary solution, helping to bridge the gap between legacy charms and modern `cos-lite`. However, it's essential to note that `cos-proxy` is a **transitional** solution, and whenever possible, you should directly use `grafana-agent`. For more information on integrating with `grafana-agent` (or `otelcol`), refer to the [gagent INTEGRATING documentation](https://github.com/canonical/grafana-agent-operator/blob/main/INTEGRATING.md).
```

        subgraph SAAS["SAAS"]
            GSAAS["grafana-k8s"]
            PSAAS["prometheus-k8s"]
        end

        subgraph machine-1["Machine 1"]
            ubuntu["ubuntu/0"]
            
            subgraph subordinates-1["Subordinates"]
                nrpe["nrpe/0"]
                telegraf["telegraf/0"]
            end
        end
    
        %% cos-proxy Subgraph
        subgraph machine-0["Machine 0"]
            cos_proxy["cos-proxy"]
        end
    end

    %% COS Lite K8s Subgraph
    subgraph cos-k8s["COS K8s Model"]
        prometheus["prometheus-k8s"]
        grafana["grafana-k8s"]
    end

    %% Connections
    ubuntu --- |general-info| nrpe
    ubuntu --- |juju-info| telegraf
    telegraf --- |prometheus_client| cos_proxy
    telegraf --- |prometheus_rules| cos_proxy
    telegraf --- |dashboards| cos_proxy
    nrpe --- |monitors| cos_proxy

    %% cos-proxy to SAAS Connections
    cos_proxy --- |downstream-prometheus-scrape| PSAAS
    cos_proxy --- |downstream-grafana-dashboard| GSAAS

    %% SAAS to COS Model Connections
    GSAAS --- |grafana-dashboard| grafana
    PSAAS --- |metrics-endpoint| prometheus
```

## Relating over the cos-agent interface

> In this topology, integration is achieved via the `grafana-agent`'s `cos-agent` interface. Here, `cos-proxy` sends metrics and dashboard configurations to `grafana-agent`, which then forwards these to `Prometheus` and `Grafana` via the offered SAAS relations from `cos-lite`.

Author: ```suggestion
In this topology, integration is achieved via the `oltelcol` (or `grafana-agent`) `cos-agent` interface. Here, `cos-proxy` sends metrics and dashboard configurations to `grafana-agent`, which then forwards these to `Prometheus` and `Grafana` via the offered SAAS relations from `cos-lite`.
```
